DataGrid - add desciption for the Batch Update Request demo (#254)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/description.md

> If data is stored on a server, the widget can save all changes with a single request. To add this functionality, set **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"batch"* and implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields necessary for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:

Reviewer: I guess the question here is why doesn't the grid do this automatically? If I turn on batch updates, and then I press Commit/Submit/Save (whatever the name might be), why do I have to provide custom implementation? Why doesn't the grid save it all in a single request?

Author: The grid doesn't save data automatically in batch editing mode **when data is stored on a server only**. Do you mean that "If data is stored on a server when **editing**.[mode]() is *"batch"*, implement the [onSaving]() function. This will allow users to save all changes with a single request." is better?

Author: If editing mode is batch, by default the widget sends >= 1 requests when a user saves data. This is because there are individual insert/update/remove operations and the widget can't send them all in one request - by default.
To send only one request, a custom saving logic must be implemented and this demo shows how to do that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If data is stored on a server, the **DataGrid** component sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object. This is because most servers perform only one edit operation at a time. However, if your server supports batch update, you can configure the **DataGrid** to save all changes with a single request.

To add this functionality, set **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"batch"* and implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields necessary for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:
```

Reviewer: I like this version. The only thing I'd maybe change is more the information about batch update settings to the top (all of this relates to batch updates only, right?). So maybe start like this:

If **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) is *"batch"*, end-users can modify multiple records and submit all changes at once. If data is stored on a server ...

1. **Disable the default saving logic**                  
Set the `e.cancel` field to `true`.

2. **Send pending changes to the server**
Pending changes are contained in the `e.changes` array. Check that it is not empty and send the changes to the server.

3. **Update data in the widget**

> Once the changes are saved, call the [refresh(changesOnly)](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#refreshchangesOnly) method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the changes are saved, call the [refresh(changesOnly)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#refreshchangesOnly) method.
```

> 4. **Clear the editing.changes array**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Reset the edit state**
```

> Use the [cancelEditData()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#cancelEditData) method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [cancelEditData()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#cancelEditData) method to clear the pending changes.
```

> If **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) is *"batch"*, end-users can modify multiple records and submit all changes simultaneously. If data is stored on a server, the **DataGrid** component sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object. This is because most servers process only one edit operation at a time. However, if your server supports batch update, you can configure the **DataGrid** to save all changes with a single request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*"Batch"* **edit**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) enables users to modify multiple records and submit all changes simultaneously. If data is stored on a server, the **DataGrid** component sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object. This is because most servers process only one edit operation at a time. However, if your server supports batch update, you can configure the **DataGrid** to save all changes in a single request.
```

Reviewer 3: or 
```suggestion
If **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) is *"batch"*, users can modify multiple records and submit all changes simultaneously. If data is stored on a server, the **DataGrid** component sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object. This is because most servers process only one edit operation at a time. However, if your server supports batch update, you can configure the **DataGrid** to save all changes with a single request.
```

> To add this functionality, implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields necessary for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:

Reviewer 3: "fields necessary for batch update" means what? Why are they necessary?

Author: The `e` object contains fields that can be used to configure batch update. For example, e.cancel, e.changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add this functionality, implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields used for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:
```

> To add this functionality, set **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"batch"* and implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields necessary for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add this functionality, implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) function. It accepts an `e` object that contains fields necessary for batch update. The following steps describe the function's implementation:
```

1. **Disable the default saving logic**                  
Set the `e.cancel` field to `true`.

2. **Send pending changes to the server**

> Pending changes are contained in the `e.changes` array. Check that it is not empty and send the changes to the server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pending changes are contained in the `e.changes` array. Ensure it is not empty and send the changes to the server.
```

> If **DataGrid**'s data is stored on a remote server, a single request can be made to save all changes made in the batch editing mode. To add this functionality, implement the onSaving method. It is called each time a user clicks the 'Save changes' button.

Reviewer 2: > **DataGrid**'s data

Unnecessary repetition of the word "data".

> a remote server

Most servers are remote, but even if you have a local server, you still access it by URL, so the use case applies to any server.

> a single request can be made to save all changes made

Unnecessary repetition of the word "made".
Unnecessary passive voice.

> in the batch editing mode

When something is done in particular mode, no article is required.
Editing mode -> edit mode.

> implement the onSaving method

It's a function.

> It is called each time a user clicks the 'Save changes' button.

In this context, this is irrelevant because the focus of the article should be on the `onSaving` implementation for this particular use case, not on how the `onSaving` function works within the widget.

> In this demo's onSaving method, e.cancel is set to true to enable a custom saving logic. If any changes are made, a asynchronous request to save them is sent to the server. When the request is successful, the data is reloaded and only changed elements are repainted.

Reviewer 2: > e.cancel is set to true to enable a custom saving logic

We haven't told what's `e` yet, hence the reader doesn't know what's `e.cancel`.
`e.cancel = true` doesn't enable the custom saving logic, it disables the built-in saving implementation,

> If any changes are made, a asynchronous request to save them is sent to the server. When the request is successful, the data is reloaded and only changed elements are repainted.

This piece describes things happening in the demo but doesn't mention any APIs that do these things.
